By clicking this icon, you can use the text-to-speech tool
to have the current test question read aloud.
It will read the whole question from beginning to end,
unless the proctor or test setting prevent certain parts
of the question from being read aloud.
There may be a brief delay while the system prepares the audio for playback.
You can choose which parts of the question you would like read aloud to you
with the select-to-play button.
Just click the button and then
click the text you would like to hear
and the tool will begin reading from there to the end of the question.
The pause/play button allows you to stop and start the audio when you want.
Pause and play can be used during regular playback and during select-to-play.
Highlighting with your mouse doesn’t affect the playback of the audio,
it will either start from the beginning or from where you click on the text.
The speaker button allows you to set the desired volume for the audio playback.
Please note that the highlighter and eraser tools are disabled
while the text-to-speech tool is in use.